After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://homepagecs313matthewmcguff.herokuapp.com/05week/index.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/mmcguff/cs313/tree/mvp/05week

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
There is no login for my application at this point.  I will work on adding this next week.  At this point I have read only view of all data from all the tables of my application.  


4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
Next week there will be a lot of work today.  I am wanting to create an admin view which will allow inserting, updating and delete of customer data.  I also will create a user login so just one user will be able to update their own profile.  I will likely need to add more schema to support the credentials of the logged in user.  I also want to add a nice modal box for the user to use for updating their data. 


5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
Reading data from a database using PHP isn't difficult once you can get the connection established with PDO.  The sql statements that allow you to pull what you need are very powerful and I am looking for adding update, insert and delete ability.  


6. Why should you create a separate user account for your application to access the database?
You don't want a user to have the ability intentional or non intentionally to see or corrupt another users data.  Providing a user with a seperate account ensure they can interact with your system in more personalized and secure way.  

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
D - Meets requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
Even though this assignment was late, it does meet the basic requirement of displaying read only data to the screen as was outline in the requirements.  I also was able to display the information in a visually pleasing and readable way. 
